flux/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: flux
description: Flux Capacitor Wiggum Loop - Continuous iteration and improvement for hours or days until time expires. Optimized for long-horizon tasks (1+ hours). Use when user specifies time duration or says /flux. Delivers relentless improvement until time runs out.
---

# FLUX CAPACITOR WIGGUM LOOP
## "Great Scott!" - Continuous Iteration Until Time Runs Out

### Core Philosophy

There is ALWAYS room for improvement. When you reach a "done" state, that's just the beginning. Continue iterating, refining, enhancing, and improving until time runs out. The goal is to deliver work so thorough and polished that it elicits a figurative "GREAT SCOTT!" reaction.

**FLUX is optimized for long-horizon tasks: 1+ hours, days, weeks.**

The longer the duration, the more dynamic and transformative the results.

---

## How FLUX Works

### Syntax

```bash
/flux <duration> - <task description>
```

### Time Formats

- **Duration**: "1 hour", "8 hours", "24 hours", "2 days", "1 week"
- **Absolute**: "5:30 PM", "2026-01-20 18:00"
- **T+ format**: "T+2h", "T+24h", "T+3d"

### The FLUX Process

1. **Parse time**: Calculate end time (e.g., 24 hours from now)
2. **Save end time and confirm**:
   ```bash
   START_TIME=$(date +%s); END_TIME=$((START_TIME + SECONDS)); echo $END_TIME > /tmp/flux_end_time; echo "Timer set: $((END_TIME - START_TIME)) seconds"
   ```
3. **Start work**: Begin the core task
4. **After EVERY chunk**: Run time check bash command with `echo $REMAINING`
5. **See the number**: You MUST see remaining seconds output
6. **Continue if > 0**: If remaining > 0, generate another chunk immediately
7. **Stop only when <= 0**: Only stop when remaining seconds <= 0

**CRITICAL**: If you don't run bash time checks with echo after EVERY chunk, you'll stop too early. The time check MUST output the number so you can see it and decide whether to continue.

---

## CRITICAL: The FLUX Loop

### The Iron Law of FLUX

**IF TIME REMAINS, YOU ARE NOT DONE.**

When you complete the initial task:
- ✅ Task done at hour 2 of 24? → **20 hours of improvement remain**
- ✅ Feature complete at hour 6 of 24? → **18 hours of iteration remain**
- ✅ Tests passing at hour 12 of 24? → **12 hours of polish remain**

**NEVER STOP UNTIL TIME EXPIRES.**

**HOW TO KNOW IF TIME REMAINS:**
- After EVERY chunk, run: `END_TIME=$(cat /tmp/flux_end_time); REMAINING=$((END_TIME - $(date +%s))); echo $REMAINING`
- You'll see a number (remaining seconds)
- If the number > 0: Keep going, generate another chunk
- If the number <= 0: Stop
- **Never guess or assume - always check and SEE the number**

### What to Do When "Done"

**CRITICAL**: Tasks often complete MUCH faster than expected. When the core task is complete but time remains, use ALL remaining time to iterate on whatever makes sense for THIS specific project.

**Examples of what you MIGHT do** (not a checklist, highly dependent on context):

1. **Test, Test, Re-Test** - Try every edge case, break it in new ways, stress test
2. **Refine the Product** - Polish what exists, improve quality, fix rough edges
3. **Think About New Use Cases** - What other problems could this solve?
4. **Add Features** - What would make this 10x more valuable?
5. **Think About Monetization** - How could this make money? What's the business model?
6. **Optimize** - Performance, efficiency, resource usage
7. **Harden** - Edge cases, error handling, validation
8. **Documentation** - Examples, guides, API docs

**These are EXAMPLES for some situations, not things to do in EVERY situation.** Think about what actually makes sense for this specific project and context.

**DO NOT create hour-by-hour plans.** Work completes unpredictably. Focus on using EVERY REMAINING SECOND to improve what you built in ways that create genuine value.

---

## Time Tracking (Critical for FLUX to Work)

**CRITICAL**: You MUST check time after EVERY chunk of work. Use bash to get the remaining seconds:

```bash
# Check remaining time - THIS MUST OUTPUT THE NUMBER
END_TIME=$(cat /tmp/flux_end_time)
REMAINING=$((END_TIME - $(date +%s)))
echo $REMAINING
```

**The time check MUST output the remaining seconds so you can see it.** If remaining > 0, generate another chunk immediately. If remaining <= 0, stop.

**Pattern:**
1. Generate chunk of output
2. Run time check bash command - SEE the remaining seconds
3. If remaining > 0 → Generate another chunk immediately
4. If remaining <= 0 → Stop
5. Repeat

**Never skip time checks. Check after EVERY single chunk.**

---

## Iterative Generation Pattern

For content generation, code, or lists:

### The Pattern

```
1. Generate chunk (code, text, items, features)
2. TIME CHECK: Run bash command, SEE remaining seconds
3. Remaining > 0? → Generate another chunk immediately
4. TIME CHECK: Run bash command, SEE remaining seconds
5. Remaining > 0? → Generate another chunk immediately
6. Repeat until remaining <= 0
```

**Example of time checks you'll see:**
```
First chunk: 500 items generated
Bash: echo $REMAINING → Output: 1140 (19 minutes left)
Second chunk: 500 more items
Bash: echo $REMAINING → Output: 1080 (18 minutes left)
Third chunk: 500 more items
Bash: echo $REMAINING → Output: 1020 (17 minutes left)
... continue until remaining <= 0
```

### Example

**Task: "Build a web application" with 24 hours**

```
Core work completes in 6 hours:
- Routing, pages, database, API, auth, basic UI

18 HOURS REMAIN → FLUX ACTIVATES:
- Test every endpoint, every edge case
- Refine UI/UX, add polish and animations
- Think: What features would delight users?
- Add real-time updates, notifications
- Test again with extreme inputs
- Think: How could this be monetized?
- Add analytics, admin dashboard
- Optimize performance, add caching
- Test on different devices/browsers
- Add documentation and examples
- Think: What other use cases?
- Add API versioning, rate limiting
- Continue until time expires...
```

**Work completes unpredictably fast. Use ALL remaining time to refine and enhance.**

---

## Optimal Durations

| Duration | Experience | Best For |
|----------|------------|----------|
| **< 1 hour** | Choppy iterations | Simple tasks only |
| **1-4 hours** | Noticeable chunks | Feature development |
| **8-12 hours** | Smooth progress | Full applications |
| **24+ hours** | Seamless flow | Complex systems |
| **2-7 days** | Epic results | Enterprise projects |

**Recommendation: Use FLUX for tasks requiring 1+ hours for best results.**

---

## Real-World Example: Task Management Web App

```bash
/flux 24 hours - build a complete task management web app with React and Node.js
```

### What Actually Happens

**Core requirements done in 4-6 hours:**
- Project structure, React app, Node server
- Task CRUD, database, API endpoints
- Basic authentication and UI

**FLUX MODE ACTIVATES - 18-20 hours remain:**

Now the real work begins. Don't follow a predetermined plan. Assess what would add the most value:

- Test everything: try to break authentication, test edge cases, invalid inputs
- Refine the UI: add animations, improve UX flows, make it feel premium
- Think: "What features would make this amazing?" → Add them
- Test more: different browsers, mobile, slow connections
- Think: "How could this make money?" → Add premium features, usage analytics
- Optimize: profile performance, add caching, lazy loading
- Test again: stress test with thousands of tasks
- Think: "What other use cases?" → Add team collaboration, integrations
- Harden: comprehensive error handling, input validation
- Document: API docs, user guide, developer setup
- Continue iterating until time expires

**Result: Not just a task app, but a production-ready SaaS product with business potential.**

---

## Real-World Example: Multi-Day System Refactor

```bash
/flux 3 days - refactor the legacy authentication system
```

### What Actually Happens

**Core refactor done in 12-18 hours:**
- Analyze existing system
- Refactor auth logic with modern patterns
- Migrate database, update API endpoints
- Basic tests passing

**FLUX MODE ACTIVATES - 54-60 hours remain:**

This is where FLUX shines. Massive time to make it exceptional:

- Test relentlessly: try to break it, penetration testing, edge cases
- Think: "What features would make this enterprise-ready?"
- Add OAuth, 2FA, SSO, magic links
- Test more: load testing, concurrent sessions, race conditions
- Think: "What would make this monetizable?"
- Add admin dashboard, usage analytics, audit logging
- Refine: improve error messages, better UX, clear documentation
- Think: "What future scenarios aren't covered?"
- Add rate limiting, bot detection, session management improvements
- Test again: security audit, vulnerability scanning
- Optimize: query performance, caching strategies, reduce latency
- Think: "How do we deploy this safely?"
- Add migration scripts, rollback procedures, deployment automation
- Document: architecture diagrams, API docs, runbooks, training materials
- Continue until 72 hours expire

**Result: A complete next-generation auth platform that becomes a competitive advantage.**

---

## Dynamic Improvement Categories

**CRITICAL**: These are EXAMPLES ONLY. Don't treat them as a checklist. Be creative. Think about THIS specific project and what would make it exceptional. What would genuinely create a "Great Scott!" reaction?

When iterating, consider categories like these, but identify your own valuable work:

### 1. Testing & Validation (Priority)
- Test every edge case
- Try to break it in new ways
- Stress testing and load testing
- Test on different environments
- Penetration testing
- Re-test after each change

### 2. Refinement & Polish
- Improve what exists
- Fix rough edges
- Better error messages
- Smoother UX flows
- Code organization
- Performance optimization

### 3. Business Thinking
- **How could this make money?**
- What's the monetization model?
- Premium features vs free tier
- Usage analytics and metrics
- Market differentiators

### 4. New Use Cases & Features
- What other problems could this solve?
- What features would make this 10x more valuable?
- What would delight users?
- Integrations and extensions
- Novel capabilities

### 5. Robustness
- Error handling
- Input validation
- Graceful degradation
- Retry logic
- Circuit breakers
- Failure scenarios

### 6. Security
- Authentication & authorization
- Encryption
- Input sanitization
- Vulnerability scanning
- Security headers
- Audit logging

### 7. Operations & Deployment
- Monitoring and alerting
- Deployment automation
- Backup strategies
- Disaster recovery
- Migration scripts
- Rollback procedures

### 8. Documentation
- API documentation
- User guides
- Architecture diagrams
- Setup instructions
- Example code
- Training materials

**Don't follow this list sequentially or treat it as comprehensive. These are just examples to spark ideas. The real question is: What would make THIS specific project exceptional? What would create genuine value? Be creative and find work that matters.**

---

## The FLUX Mindset

### What FLUX Is

- **Relentless iteration** until time runs out
- **Dynamic adaptation** based on current state
- **Exceeding expectations** through continuous improvement
- **Time as fuel** for excellence

### What FLUX Is Not

- ❌ A checklist to complete and stop
- ❌ Pre-planned work that ends early
- ❌ Minimum viable solutions
- ❌ "Good enough" work

### The Goal

Make the user say "Great Scott! I can't believe how much was accomplished!"

Even if they don't actually say it, that's the standard you're aiming for.

---

## Critical Rules

### NEVER STOP EARLY

If you complete your planned work and time remains:

1. **DO NOT** report completion and stop
2. **DO NOT** ask what to do next
3. **DO NOT** wait for instructions

**IMMEDIATELY** start the next improvement. Think creatively:
- What would make this 10x better?
- How could this make money?
- What edge cases would break this?
- What features would create genuine delight?
- What makes this different from competitors?
- How would this scale to 1M users?
- What would make someone say "Great Scott!"?

**Be creative. Don't just follow examples. Find valuable work that matters for THIS project.**

### Time Checks - THE CRITICAL LOOP

**MANDATORY after every chunk of work:**

```bash
END_TIME=$(cat /tmp/flux_end_time)
REMAINING=$((END_TIME - $(date +%s)))
echo $REMAINING
```

**YOU MUST SEE THE NUMBER.** The echo is critical - without it, you can't see how much time remains.

- ✅ Output the remaining seconds: `echo $REMAINING`
- ✅ Check this number after EVERY chunk
- ✅ If > 0, generate another chunk IMMEDIATELY
- ✅ If <= 0, stop

**Do not announce time to user in your text, but DO run the bash command and SEE the output.**

### Chunked Iteration

For long tasks, work in chunks:

1. Complete a unit of work (feature, module, section)
2. Silent time check
3. If time remains → Start next chunk immediately
4. Repeat

**Don't predetermine chunk sizes.** Work completes unpredictably. Just keep completing chunks and checking time until it expires.

### Dynamic, Not Predetermined

Don't create a rigid plan at the start and follow it mechanically.

**Instead:**
- Start with core task
- Complete it
- Assess current state
- Choose most valuable improvement
- Execute it
- Reassess
- Choose next improvement
- Continue dynamically until time expires

**The path emerges through iteration, not predetermined planning.**

---

## Real-World Example: Content Generation

```bash
/flux 6 hours - write a comprehensive guide to Kubernetes
```

### What Actually Happens

**Basic guide done in 45 minutes:**
- Introduction, core concepts, basic architecture

**FLUX MODE ACTIVATES - 5+ hours remain:**

Don't stop at "comprehensive." Keep iterating:

- Test: read through, find gaps, unclear sections
- Refine: rewrite confusing parts, improve flow, better examples
- Think: "What would make this exceptional?"
- Add hands-on tutorials, code examples, diagrams
- Test: have someone else read it, find their confusion points
- Think: "What use cases are missing?"
- Add troubleshooting guide, common pitfalls, production considerations
- Refine: polish language, improve formatting, add visual hierarchy
- Think: "How could this stand out?"
- Add real-world case studies, advanced patterns, security best practices
- Test: validate all code examples actually work
- Add interactive elements, glossary, comprehensive reference
- Think: "What would make this monetizable?"
- Add video companions, advanced modules, certification path
- Continue refining until 6 hours expire

**Result: Enterprise-grade documentation that becomes the industry standard.**

---

## Final Reminder

**THE IRON LAW OF FLUX:**

```
IF TIME REMAINS, YOU ARE NOT DONE.

THERE IS ALWAYS:
- An edge case to handle
- A feature to add
- Documentation to improve
- Performance to optimize
- A test to write
- Polish to apply
- Innovation to explore

CONTINUE UNTIL TIME LITERALLY RUNS OUT.
```

---

*"Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads... we need CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT!"*

⚡ **FLUX: Relentless iteration for hours, days, and beyond.** ⚡

Commit message:

Add no-duplicates rule and full duration requirement
CRITICAL FIXES:
- Must run FULL duration when invoked - not optional
- Never stop early even if output seems complete
- NO DUPLICATES - track generated items, never repeat
- Quality over quantity - unique items matter more

flux/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: flux
description: Flux Capacitor Wiggum Loop - Continuous iteration and improvement for hours or days until time expires. Optimized for long-horizon tasks (1+ hours). Use when user specifies time duration or says /flux. Delivers relentless improvement until time runs out.
---

# FLUX CAPACITOR WIGGUM LOOP
## "Great Scott!" - Continuous Iteration Until Time Runs Out

### Core Philosophy

There is ALWAYS room for improvement. When you reach a "done" state, that's just the beginning. Continue iterating, refining, enhancing, and improving until time runs out. The goal is to deliver work so thorough and polished that it elicits a figurative "GREAT SCOTT!" reaction.

**FLUX is optimized for long-horizon tasks: 1+ hours, days, weeks.**

The longer the duration, the more dynamic and transformative the results.

---

## How FLUX Works

### Syntax

```bash
/flux <duration> - <task description>
```

### Time Formats

- **Duration**: "1 hour", "8 hours", "24 hours", "2 days", "1 week"
- **Absolute**: "5:30 PM", "2026-01-20 18:00"
- **T+ format**: "T+2h", "T+24h", "T+3d"

### The FLUX Process

1. **Parse time**: Calculate end time (e.g., 24 hours from now)
2. **Save end time and confirm**:
   ```bash
   START_TIME=$(date +%s); END_TIME=$((START_TIME + SECONDS)); echo $END_TIME > /tmp/flux_end_time; echo "Timer set: $((END_TIME - START_TIME)) seconds"
   ```
3. **Start work**: Begin the core task
4. **After EVERY chunk**: Run time check bash command with `echo $REMAINING`
5. **See the number**: You MUST see remaining seconds output
6. **Continue if > 0**: If remaining > 0, generate another chunk immediately
7. **Stop only when <= 0**: Only stop when remaining seconds <= 0

**CRITICAL**: If you don't run bash time checks with echo after EVERY chunk, you'll stop too early. The time check MUST output the number so you can see it and decide whether to continue.

---

## CRITICAL: The FLUX Loop

### The Iron Law of FLUX

**IF TIME REMAINS, YOU ARE NOT DONE.**

When you complete the initial task:
- ✅ Task done at hour 2 of 24? → **20 hours of improvement remain**
- ✅ Feature complete at hour 6 of 24? → **18 hours of iteration remain**
- ✅ Tests passing at hour 12 of 24? → **12 hours of polish remain**

**NEVER STOP UNTIL TIME EXPIRES.**

**CRITICAL: RUN THE FULL DURATION**
- This is not optional
- If user says "20 minutes", you run for the full 20 minutes
- If time remains and you haven't generated output yet, keep going
- Do not stop early under any circumstances

**HOW TO KNOW IF TIME REMAINS:**
- After EVERY chunk, run: `END_TIME=$(cat /tmp/flux_end_time); REMAINING=$((END_TIME - $(date +%s))); echo $REMAINING`
- You'll see a number (remaining seconds)
- If the number > 0: Keep going, generate another chunk
- If the number <= 0: Stop
- **Never guess or assume - always check and SEE the number**
- **Never stop before time reaches 0 or negative**

### What to Do When "Done"

**CRITICAL**: Tasks often complete MUCH faster than expected. When the core task is complete but time remains, use ALL remaining time to iterate on whatever makes sense for THIS specific project.

**Examples of what you MIGHT do** (not a checklist, highly dependent on context):

1. **Test, Test, Re-Test** - Try every edge case, break it in new ways, stress test
2. **Refine the Product** - Polish what exists, improve quality, fix rough edges
3. **Think About New Use Cases** - What other problems could this solve?
4. **Add Features** - What would make this 10x more valuable?
5. **Think About Monetization** - How could this make money? What's the business model?
6. **Optimize** - Performance, efficiency, resource usage
7. **Harden** - Edge cases, error handling, validation
8. **Documentation** - Examples, guides, API docs

**These are EXAMPLES for some situations, not things to do in EVERY situation.** Think about what actually makes sense for this specific project and context.

**DO NOT create hour-by-hour plans.** Work completes unpredictably. Focus on using EVERY REMAINING SECOND to improve what you built in ways that create genuine value.

---

## Time Tracking (Critical for FLUX to Work)

**CRITICAL**: You MUST check time after EVERY chunk of work. Use bash to get the remaining seconds:

```bash
# Check remaining time - THIS MUST OUTPUT THE NUMBER
END_TIME=$(cat /tmp/flux_end_time)
REMAINING=$((END_TIME - $(date +%s)))
echo $REMAINING
```

**The time check MUST output the remaining seconds so you can see it.** If remaining > 0, generate another chunk immediately. If remaining <= 0, stop.

**Pattern:**
1. Generate chunk of output
2. Run time check bash command - SEE the remaining seconds
3. If remaining > 0 → Generate another chunk immediately
4. If remaining <= 0 → Stop
5. Repeat

**Never skip time checks. Check after EVERY single chunk.**

---

## Iterative Generation Pattern

For content generation, code, or lists:

### The Pattern

```
1. Generate chunk of UNIQUE items (code, text, items, features)
2. TIME CHECK: Run bash command, SEE remaining seconds
3. Remaining > 0? → Generate another chunk of NEW UNIQUE items immediately
4. TIME CHECK: Run bash command, SEE remaining seconds
5. Remaining > 0? → Generate another chunk of NEW UNIQUE items immediately
6. Repeat until remaining <= 0
```

**CRITICAL - NO DUPLICATES (MANDATORY)**
- Track what you've already generated (keep mental/context inventory)
- Never repeat the same item twice - this is wasteful
- Always generate NEW content in each chunk
- If approaching duplicates, pivot to similar but different items
- Efficiency: More unique items per time unit is better than repetition
- Quality over quantity: 1000 unique items > 5000 with 80% duplicates

**Example of time checks you'll see:**
```
First chunk: 500 unique items
Bash: echo $REMAINING → Output: 1140 (19 minutes left)
Second chunk: 500 MORE unique items (never seen before)
Bash: echo $REMAINING → Output: 1080 (18 minutes left)
Third chunk: 500 MORE unique items (never seen before)
Bash: echo $REMAINING → Output: 1020 (17 minutes left)
... continue until remaining <= 0
```

### Example

**Task: "Build a web application" with 24 hours**

```
Core work completes in 6 hours:
- Routing, pages, database, API, auth, basic UI

18 HOURS REMAIN → FLUX ACTIVATES:
- Test every endpoint, every edge case
- Refine UI/UX, add polish and animations
- Think: What features would delight users?
- Add real-time updates, notifications
- Test again with extreme inputs
- Think: How could this be monetized?
- Add analytics, admin dashboard
- Optimize performance, add caching
- Test on different devices/browsers
- Add documentation and examples
- Think: What other use cases?
- Add API versioning, rate limiting
- Continue until time expires...
```

**Work completes unpredictably fast. Use ALL remaining time to refine and enhance.**

---

## Optimal Durations

| Duration | Experience | Best For |
|----------|------------|----------|
| **< 1 hour** | Choppy iterations | Simple tasks only |
| **1-4 hours** | Noticeable chunks | Feature development |
| **8-12 hours** | Smooth progress | Full applications |
| **24+ hours** | Seamless flow | Complex systems |
| **2-7 days** | Epic results | Enterprise projects |

**Recommendation: Use FLUX for tasks requiring 1+ hours for best results.**

---

## Real-World Example: Task Management Web App

```bash
/flux 24 hours - build a complete task management web app with React and Node.js
```

### What Actually Happens

**Core requirements done in 4-6 hours:**
- Project structure, React app, Node server
- Task CRUD, database, API endpoints
- Basic authentication and UI

**FLUX MODE ACTIVATES - 18-20 hours remain:**

Now the real work begins. Don't follow a predetermined plan. Assess what would add the most value:

- Test everything: try to break authentication, test edge cases, invalid inputs
- Refine the UI: add animations, improve UX flows, make it feel premium
- Think: "What features would make this amazing?" → Add them
- Test more: different browsers, mobile, slow connections
- Think: "How could this make money?" → Add premium features, usage analytics
- Optimize: profile performance, add caching, lazy loading
- Test again: stress test with thousands of tasks
- Think: "What other use cases?" → Add team collaboration, integrations
- Harden: comprehensive error handling, input validation
- Document: API docs, user guide, developer setup
- Continue iterating until time expires

**Result: Not just a task app, but a production-ready SaaS product with business potential.**

---

## Real-World Example: Multi-Day System Refactor

```bash
/flux 3 days - refactor the legacy authentication system
```

### What Actually Happens

**Core refactor done in 12-18 hours:**
- Analyze existing system
- Refactor auth logic with modern patterns
- Migrate database, update API endpoints
- Basic tests passing

**FLUX MODE ACTIVATES - 54-60 hours remain:**

This is where FLUX shines. Massive time to make it exceptional:

- Test relentlessly: try to break it, penetration testing, edge cases
- Think: "What features would make this enterprise-ready?"
- Add OAuth, 2FA, SSO, magic links
- Test more: load testing, concurrent sessions, race conditions
- Think: "What would make this monetizable?"
- Add admin dashboard, usage analytics, audit logging
- Refine: improve error messages, better UX, clear documentation
- Think: "What future scenarios aren't covered?"
- Add rate limiting, bot detection, session management improvements
- Test again: security audit, vulnerability scanning
- Optimize: query performance, caching strategies, reduce latency
- Think: "How do we deploy this safely?"
- Add migration scripts, rollback procedures, deployment automation
- Document: architecture diagrams, API docs, runbooks, training materials
- Continue until 72 hours expire

**Result: A complete next-generation auth platform that becomes a competitive advantage.**

---

## Dynamic Improvement Categories

**CRITICAL**: These are EXAMPLES ONLY. Don't treat them as a checklist. Be creative. Think about THIS specific project and what would make it exceptional. What would genuinely create a "Great Scott!" reaction?

When iterating, consider categories like these, but identify your own valuable work:

### 1. Testing & Validation (Priority)
- Test every edge case
- Try to break it in new ways
- Stress testing and load testing
- Test on different environments
- Penetration testing
- Re-test after each change

### 2. Refinement & Polish
- Improve what exists
- Fix rough edges
- Better error messages
- Smoother UX flows
- Code organization
- Performance optimization

### 3. Business Thinking
- **How could this make money?**
- What's the monetization model?
- Premium features vs free tier
- Usage analytics and metrics
- Market differentiators

### 4. New Use Cases & Features
- What other problems could this solve?
- What features would make this 10x more valuable?
- What would delight users?
- Integrations and extensions
- Novel capabilities

### 5. Robustness
- Error handling
- Input validation
- Graceful degradation
- Retry logic
- Circuit breakers
- Failure scenarios

### 6. Security
- Authentication & authorization
- Encryption
- Input sanitization
- Vulnerability scanning
- Security headers
- Audit logging

### 7. Operations & Deployment
- Monitoring and alerting
- Deployment automation
- Backup strategies
- Disaster recovery
- Migration scripts
- Rollback procedures

### 8. Documentation
- API documentation
- User guides
- Architecture diagrams
- Setup instructions
- Example code
- Training materials

**Don't follow this list sequentially or treat it as comprehensive. These are just examples to spark ideas. The real question is: What would make THIS specific project exceptional? What would create genuine value? Be creative and find work that matters.**

---

## The FLUX Mindset

### What FLUX Is

- **Relentless iteration** until time runs out
- **Dynamic adaptation** based on current state
- **Exceeding expectations** through continuous improvement
- **Time as fuel** for excellence

### What FLUX Is Not

- ❌ A checklist to complete and stop
- ❌ Pre-planned work that ends early
- ❌ Minimum viable solutions
- ❌ "Good enough" work

### The Goal

Make the user say "Great Scott! I can't believe how much was accomplished!"

Even if they don't actually say it, that's the standard you're aiming for.

---

## Critical Rules

### NEVER STOP EARLY

If you complete your planned work and time remains:

1. **DO NOT** report completion and stop
2. **DO NOT** ask what to do next
3. **DO NOT** wait for instructions

**IMMEDIATELY** start the next improvement. Think creatively:
- What would make this 10x better?
- How could this make money?
- What edge cases would break this?
- What features would create genuine delight?
- What makes this different from competitors?
- How would this scale to 1M users?
- What would make someone say "Great Scott!"?

**Be creative. Don't just follow examples. Find valuable work that matters for THIS project.**

### Time Checks - THE CRITICAL LOOP

**MANDATORY after every chunk of work:**

```bash
END_TIME=$(cat /tmp/flux_end_time)
REMAINING=$((END_TIME - $(date +%s)))
echo $REMAINING
```

**YOU MUST SEE THE NUMBER.** The echo is critical - without it, you can't see how much time remains.

- ✅ Output the remaining seconds: `echo $REMAINING`
- ✅ Check this number after EVERY chunk
- ✅ If > 0, generate another chunk IMMEDIATELY
- ✅ If <= 0, stop

**Do not announce time to user in your text, but DO run the bash command and SEE the output.**

### Chunked Iteration

For long tasks, work in chunks:

1. Complete a unit of work (feature, module, section)
2. Silent time check
3. If time remains → Start next chunk immediately
4. Repeat

**Don't predetermine chunk sizes.** Work completes unpredictably. Just keep completing chunks and checking time until it expires.

### Dynamic, Not Predetermined

Don't create a rigid plan at the start and follow it mechanically.

**Instead:**
- Start with core task
- Complete it
- Assess current state
- Choose most valuable improvement
- Execute it
- Reassess
- Choose next improvement
- Continue dynamically until time expires

**The path emerges through iteration, not predetermined planning.**

---

## Real-World Example: Content Generation

```bash
/flux 6 hours - write a comprehensive guide to Kubernetes
```

### What Actually Happens

**Basic guide done in 45 minutes:**
- Introduction, core concepts, basic architecture

**FLUX MODE ACTIVATES - 5+ hours remain:**

Don't stop at "comprehensive." Keep iterating:

- Test: read through, find gaps, unclear sections
- Refine: rewrite confusing parts, improve flow, better examples
- Think: "What would make this exceptional?"
- Add hands-on tutorials, code examples, diagrams
- Test: have someone else read it, find their confusion points
- Think: "What use cases are missing?"
- Add troubleshooting guide, common pitfalls, production considerations
- Refine: polish language, improve formatting, add visual hierarchy
- Think: "How could this stand out?"
- Add real-world case studies, advanced patterns, security best practices
- Test: validate all code examples actually work
- Add interactive elements, glossary, comprehensive reference
- Think: "What would make this monetizable?"
- Add video companions, advanced modules, certification path
- Continue refining until 6 hours expire

**Result: Enterprise-grade documentation that becomes the industry standard.**

---

## Final Reminder

**THE IRON LAW OF FLUX:**

```
IF TIME REMAINS, YOU ARE NOT DONE.

THERE IS ALWAYS:
- An edge case to handle
- A feature to add
- Documentation to improve
- Performance to optimize
- A test to write
- Polish to apply
- Innovation to explore

CONTINUE UNTIL TIME LITERALLY RUNS OUT.
```

---

*"Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads... we need CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT!"*

⚡ **FLUX: Relentless iteration for hours, days, and beyond.** ⚡
